README.md, before:

# mda-Lorenzo-Lindo

## STAT545A - Mini Data Analysis (MDA) Project

### Author: LINDO, Lorenzo

This repository, entitled "mda-Lorenzo-Lindo", consists of files containing the work necessary to fulfill  the requirements of the 3 milestones for this Mini Data Analysis project for STAT545A. You can explore this repository by opening the Milestone 1, Milestone 2, and Milestone 3 folders to view the files related to each of those Milestones.  The output folder contains some output files created during Milestone 3.

#### Completed Milestones Thus Far
- [x] Milestone 1 (completed 9 October 2021)
- [x] Milestone 2 (completed 19 October 2021)
- [x] Milestone 3 (completed 30 October 2021) NOTE - extension granted by TA (Tian Liu)

#### List of Files Contained within this Repository
Filename | Description
---------|------------
mini-data-analysis-milestone1.rmd | This file contains the code to complete Milestone 1
mini-data-analysis-milestone1.md | This file is knited from the mini-data-analysis-milestone1.rmd file
mini-data-analysis-milestone2.rmd | This file contains the code to complete Milestone 2
mini-data-analysis-milestone2.md | This file is knited from the mini-data-analysis-milestone2.rmd file
README.md | The present document which contains an overview of the contents of this repository
mda-Lorenzo-Lindo.Rproj | This file contains the RStudio project information
.gitignore | A file that specifies the intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore

Commit message:

updated the top-level README file

README.md, after:

# mda-Lorenzo-Lindo

## STAT545A - Mini Data Analysis (MDA) Project

### Author: LINDO, Lorenzo

This repository, entitled "mda-Lorenzo-Lindo", consists of files containing the work necessary to fulfill  the requirements of the 3 milestones for this Mini Data Analysis project for STAT545A. You can explore this repository by opening the Milestone 1, Milestone 2, and Milestone 3 folders to view the files related to each of those Milestones.  The output folder contains some output files created during Milestone 3.

#### Completed Milestones Thus Far
- [x] Milestone 1 (completed 9 October 2021)
- [x] Milestone 2 (completed 19 October 2021)
- [x] Milestone 3 (completed 30 October 2021) NOTE - extension granted by TA (Tian Liu)

#### List of Files Contained within this Repository
Filename | Description
---------|------------
README.md | The present document which contains an overview of the contents of this repository
mda-Lorenzo-Lindo.Rproj | This file contains the RStudio project information
.gitignore | A file that specifies the intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore
milestone-1 | a folder containing an .md, .Rmd, and output plot files related to Milestone 1
milestone-2 | a folder containing an .md, .Rmd, and output plot files related to Milestone 2
milestone-3 | a folder containing an .md, .Rmd, and output plot files related to Milestone 3
